apax-templatify/README.md, before:

# Templatify Repository Action

## Overview

The **Templatify Repository** action creates a template based on the project. This template can later be used as a template during an `apax create`, e.g., `apax create @simatic-ax/template-my-project new-project-name`.

## Inputs

### Mandatory Parameters

- **version**: The version to set in the `apax.yml` file.
- **working-directory**: "The relative path to the working directory where the template will be created". Default is `"working-directory"`.

### Optional Parameters

- **path**: The relative path to the folder of the project which is to be templatified. Default is `"."`.

## Example Usage

Below is an example of how to use the **Templatify Repository** action inside a GitHub workflow:

```yaml
name: Templatify Project

on:
  push:
    branches:
      - 'main'

jobs:
  templatify-project:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    # Mandatory, cause the referenced image contains an apax installation
    container:
      image: ghcr.io/simatic-ax/ci-images/apax-ci-image:3.4.2
    steps:
      - name: Checkout Code
        uses: actions/checkout@v4

      - name: Templatify Repository
        uses: simatic-ax/actions/apax-templatify@v3
        with:
          version: "0.0.1"
```

## Failure Scenarios

The action will fail under the following conditions:

1. **Missing `apax.yml` File**: If the `apax.yml` file is not found in the specified path, the action will fail with an error message.
2. **Missing `templatify-meta-information.yml` File**: If the `templatify-meta-information.yml` is not present, the action will fail with an error message.
3. **Failed to Install `dos2unix`**: If the `dos2unix` tool fails to install, the action will fail with an error message.

Ensure to provide the `templatify-meta-information.yml`inside your project to avoid these failures.

---
[Back to main page](../README.md)

Commit message:

chore: Merge main to release/v3 (#69)
* fix: regex for name detection in templatify action (#63)

* fix: regex for name detection

* fix: Name extraction of the original package name (#64)

* chore: Update workflows and test project (#66)

* chore(workflows): Adds a workflow for templatification of an app

* chore(deps): Adds the SIMATIC AX catalog 2504 to the test project

* fix: Extends the templates.apax.yml with basic information (#68)

apax-templatify/README.md, after:

# Templatify Repository Action

## Overview

The **Templatify Repository** action creates a template based on the project. This template can later be used as a template during an `apax create`, e.g., `apax create @simatic-ax/template-my-project new-project-name`.

## Inputs

### Mandatory Parameters

- **version**: The version to set in the `apax.yml` file.
- **working-directory**: "The relative path to the working directory where the template will be created". Default is `"working-directory"`.

### Optional Parameters

- **path**: The relative path to the folder of the project which is to be templatified. Default is `"."`.
- **working-directory**: The relative path to the folder where the where resulting template project is located. Default is `"working-directory"`.
- **author**: The author who published the package. Default is `"Siemens AG"`.
- **description**: The description of the package. Default is `"SIMATIC AX template for Application examples or Applications"`.
- **registry-scope**: The scope of the registry where the template will be published. Default is `"@simatic-ax"`.
- **registry-url**: The scope of the registry where the template will be published. Default is `"https://npm.pkg.github.com/"`.

## Example Usage

Below is an example of how to use the **Templatify Repository** action inside a GitHub workflow:

```yaml
name: Templatify Project

on:
  push:
    branches:
      - 'main'

jobs:
  templatify-project:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    # Mandatory, cause the referenced image contains an apax installation
    container:
      image: ghcr.io/simatic-ax/ci-images/apax-ci-image:3.5.0
    steps:
      - name: Checkout Code
        uses: actions/checkout@v4

      - name: Templatify Repository
        uses: simatic-ax/actions/apax-templatify@v3
        with:
          version: "0.0.1"
```

## Failure Scenarios

The action will fail under the following conditions:

1. **Missing `apax.yml` File**: If the `apax.yml` file is not found in the specified path, the action will fail with an error message.
2. **Missing `templatify-meta-information.yml` File**: If the `templatify-meta-information.yml` is not present, the action will fail with an error message.
3. **Failed to Install `dos2unix`**: If the `dos2unix` tool fails to install, the action will fail with an error message.

Ensure to provide the `templatify-meta-information.yml`inside your project to avoid these failures.

---
[Back to main page](../README.md)
